[Doc] search_after authorization for aliases (#251)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-elasticsearch: docs/index.asciidoc

`scroll` uses {ref}/paginate-search-results.html#scroll-search-results[scroll] API to search, which is no longer recommended.

> NOTE: `search_after` needs read permissions on the underlying indices or data streams. Permissions on aliases alone are not enough.

Reviewer: How about something like:

```suggestion
NOTE: When using `search_after`, including using `auto` on  Elasticsearch 8+, permissions to read data aliases alone will not work: permissions are also needed on the underlying indices or data streams.
```
